good night they were chatting the
management of this channel is a
presidency left ramón gómez díaz
directed the television programs of the
radio program and I programmed it until the
park or by the southern phone
ss on Saturdays sports was off the bed
look gentlemen welcome the viewer
that you lose your time watching us
tonight so I can start for
achieve it because you are only going to see
sir let's play a few songs
that I hope he gets inside the
miami frequency facebook by
ride hey what station are you doing
good job
Sir
the most expensive greeting from the little ball of
world was the greeting of ponto mejía and
Miguel Vargas Maldonado had to
seek not to spend that mortgage embrace
to be able to hit the dog
commission that says that it will unite the dog
that there are so many two leaders of 26 that
they are getting together those people are going to lose
I do not call it commission, I call it coki
because to paste that as it is
divided into eight pieces were at cost
rich and I found out I got into google
to see why they met there at coast
rich was there there is no white chair that what
first they break every time they are
released the pass that for the sake of
democracy treat or always boots
rich in poor cota in uruguay paraguay a
several countries out there that are
join because democracy was good
it's so it's a tense over there and the
politician do not lose the dig arrives there in
communication with miguel is another problem
happiness of the senators who are
taking out the one that follows a file that
as a bill
they say that you need necessarily in
this country that you are going to live I support
the senators so I do not support the
date they took to lower olive trees
do not
but books in the middle of the season
and where will mom be
Mr. the patron of gasoline and
they raised 2 pesos you will say that they are two
weights but keep in mind the part
where the new weight arrives sr guideline you
there was even a friend of mine who is
sold a jeepeta in five thousand pesos
I say you speak and how impressive you bought that
time is pressing in tinaco to take me
the jeepeta latina can gasoline lady
gasoline will be more expensive than the same
jeepeta then the oil go outside
and gasoline
because these are the poor raise us to
gasoline with oil already out
because we are paying a hole that we
they left what they stole on purpose
what they stole they say that what is
they have stolen in this country in all the
trajectory of the political knows that for
create another new republic
have bought is I have a solution
effective for which it is not and in the end
the light went up to the gentlemen also to
purpose that they got gasoline already
privately intellectual and tail
comedy has been a month
I'm leaving for Japan that they just
invented a vehicle that runs with
electricity to avoid me from the
gas when he got here with me
vehicle believing as they threw me
they went up electrifying face gun now
the current that the gauze
if any element founded element do
free walking
at pressure mature in the president to
mature where Venezuela I hope that
ripen
write 10 we call your
benefit
in his way after the president is
the president to his counterpart barack obama
to avoid invading like that since it does not get
in that lawsuit they recommend more
recommending him for
attention the solution to solve the
problem of this country
vale vale light gasoline cheap education
by pippa ogame everything is going to see us grab
all Dominican we ride in the
Olympic
in all the places everything has been
get together like that mayimbe we gather them
we started looking for all the praises
the most yachts that arrive here and
we started sending people to see her
Catalina we say avatar
omega we kill the stop cowboy
that is a people that me and michael
through anima or gamesa those workshops and
all the woman of the subject recorded dancing the
waist
it deceives me of Catherine got
everyone for tears and you
Cala en la Catalana and three Japanese that
they are in charge of this country that they put
luque point then dry you stay
with a bazooka and habitat as an American
with everything here because I do not see
whales and what happens